Fix - Bad Phrasing of JavaScript custom data property names (#37468)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlelement/dataset/index.md

    `Z`) are converted to lowercase.
- In JavaScript
  - : The property name of a custom data attribute is the same as the HTML attribute

>     without the `data-` prefix, and single dashes (`-`) are removed, with the following
>     character capitalized to form the property's camel-cased name.

Reviewer: Suggestion here, what do you think?

```suggestion
    without the `data-` prefix. Single dashes (`-`) are removed, and the next ASCII
    character after a removed dash is capitalized to form the property's camel-cased name.

Details and examples of converting between the HTML and JavaScript forms is described in more detail in the next section.
```

Author: Looks good. I will add the suggested change.
